docs: add description of effect of --location-trusted on cookie (#14471)
curl/curl: docs/cmdline-opts/location-trusted.md

c: Copyright (C) Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
SPDX-License-Identifier: curl
Long: location-trusted

> Help: As --location, but send auth and cookie to other hosts

Reviewer: In the name of trying to keep this is brief as possible (for a better `curl -h` experience):

```suggestion
Help: As --location, but send secrets to other hosts
```

Also of course because *normally* curl will send cookies to the other host as well. It is only if you set cookies with `-H Cookie:` or with `-b name=moo` this exception goes for.

Author: It looks like this only effects on `-H Cookie:` but not `-b`.

Reviewer: Yes, but my suggestion is the same anyway.

  - user
Example:
  - --location-trusted -u user:password $URL
  - --location-trusted -H "Cookie: session=abc" $URL
---

# `--location-trusted`

> Like --location, but allows sending the name + password and cookie to all hosts
> that the site may redirect to. This may or may not introduce a security breach
> if the site redirects you to a site to which you send your authentication info
> (which is clear-text in the case of HTTP Basic authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructs curl to like --location follow HTTP redirects, but permits it to
send credentials and other secrets along to other hosts than the initial one.

This may or may not introduce a security breach if the site redirects you to a
site to which you send this sensitive data to. Another host means that one or
more of host name, protocol scheme or port number changed.

This option also allows curl to pass long cookies set explicitly with
--coookie or with --header.
```

  - user
Example:
  - --location-trusted -u user:password $URL
  - --location-trusted -H "Cookie: session=abc" $URL
---

# `--location-trusted`

Instructs curl to like --location follow HTTP redirects, but permits it to
send credentials and other secrets along to other hosts than the initial one.

This may or may not introduce a security breach if the site redirects you to a
site to which you send this sensitive data to. Another host means that one or
more of host name, protocol scheme or port number changed.

This option also allows curl to pass long cookies set explicitly with

> --coookie or with --header.

Author: By the way, should I remove `--cookie` here?

Reviewer: Ah yes, I think so.
